Adding publish your package content. (#62)
NCAR/python-tutorial: source/tutorials/yourfirst.rst

    Another popular :code:`math` function is :code:`factorial()` which is much faster and requires a lot less code than writing your own :code:`for` loops to find the factorial of a number.
    Try :code:`math.factorial(5)` and see what you get!

11. Time to publish our package! Create a `setup.py` file within your `mysci` package:

    .. code-block:: bash

>        $ cd mysci

Author: Okay that makes a lot more sense!

    ..

    It is possible to install any package into your active environment from a GitHub repository. This is one of the easiest ways to use functions written by your fellow scientits - and this is how they could use your functions. 
    To do this replace `Username` and `Project` with your target username and repository (likely `mysci` for this example).

    .. note::
         If you are not comfortable with people using your code you can change the privacy and permission settings of your repository.
    ..

15. Publish to (Test)PyPi

    With our package containing a setup.py it is properly prepared for publication on PyPi (https://pypi.org/).
    PyPi stands for the Python Package Index. It is a hub to find, install. and publish Python packages.
    Since we do not want to clog the name space of PyPi we will use TestPyPi.

    The first step is to create an account with TestPyPi. Follow this link to do so: (https://test.pypi.org/account/login/?next=%2Fmanage%2Fprojects%2F)

    To upload our package we will need to use an external package, Twine (https://twine.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
    
    .. code-block:: bash

        $ pip install twine

    ..

>     We install `twine` into our environment, just as we did our local package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By installing this package, a new utility called :code:`twine` will be installed that you can use to upload
    your package.  First, however, we need to build a *distribution* package using our newly created
    :code:`setup.py` file.  To do that, execute the following command in the same directory where the
    :code:`setup.py` file is located:
    
    .. code-block:: bash
    
       python setup.py sdist bdist_wheel
       
    ..
    
    Then, to upload your newly created *distribution* package to PyPI, execute the following:
```

    .. code-block:: bash

>       $ twine upload --repository-url https://test.pypi.org/legacy/ dist/*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      $ twine upload dist/*
```

    ..

    Twine will then ask for your username and password. 

>     Once the upload succeeds head to TestPyPi and see your package displayed as a new release. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Once the upload succeeds, head to PyPI and see your package displayed as a new release!
```

-----

> That concludes the "Using a Built-In Package" section of this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That concludes the "How to publish your package" section of this tutorial.
```

       $ git add setup.py
       $ git commit -m "Adding setup.py"
       $ git push origin main

    ..

3. Pip Install your package locally.

    To test that our package is set up correctly, let's install it into our project repository. 

    .. code-block:: bash

       $ pip install .

    ..

Everything should install smoothly, and now you will be able to :code:`import mysci` in *any* Python code that you write, regardless of where that code is...*as long as you use the same :code:`python` interpreter*!  See the Note below.

.. note::

   The :code:`pip` and :code:`python` commands are *tied* to one another.  You can think of it as the :code:`pip` command installing package *into* :code:`python`.  At the beginning of this tutorial, when we created the Conda environment :code:`python_tutorial`, we installed :code:`python` into that Conda environment.  Conda *also* installed :code:`pip` into that environment, so you can use that Conda environment's :code:`pip` to install packages into that same Conda environment's :code:`python`.

..

Now, before moving on, let's use :code:`pip` to *uninstall* the package we just installed:

.. code-block:: bash

   pip uninstall mysci
   
..

> 4. Install from your GitHub repository

Reviewer: Need a blank line.

```suggestion

4. Install from your GitHub repository
```

    The first step is to create an account on PyPI.  Follow this link to do so: (https://pypi.org/account/register/).
    Take note of your newly created username and password.

    To upload our package, we will need to use another external package called Twine (https://twine.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).  We'll install this new package with :code:`pip`:
    
    .. code-block:: bash

        $ pip install twine

    ..

    By installing this package, a new utility called :code:`twine` will be installed that you can use to upload
    your package.  First, however, we need to build a *distribution* package using our newly created
    :code:`setup.py` file.  To do that, execute the following command in the same directory where the
    :code:`setup.py` file is located:
    
    .. code-block:: bash
    
       python setup.py sdist bdist_wheel
       
    ..
    
    Then, to upload your newly created *distribution* package to PyPI, execute the following:

    .. code-block:: bash

      $ twine upload dist/*

    ..

    Twine will then ask for your username and password. 

    Once the upload succeeds, head to PyPI and see your package displayed as a new release!

> -----

Reviewer: Need another blank line.

```suggestion

-----
```

But first, let's learn how to package our code properly.

> 1. Create a `setup.py` file one level above your `mysci` package (in the `python_tutorial` directory):

Reviewer: I like that.  But remember to use the `:code:` syntax, otherwise it is just italics (in RST format):

```suggestion
1. Create a :code:`setup.py` file one level above your :code:`mysci` package (in the :code:`python_tutorial` directory):
```

Author: Thanks for the reminder!
